hi to all these mafias stenting
I hope you're fine, I'm fine
nickel as usual and today we are
found for the young porter number 93
and I'll start with a little idea
says she's going to be for frederic
archambault who follows me on youtube who
asked me one of 10 so here
I hope you're fine I tell you
soon
and if not today I have a job
had a fail so for the jump up
the day you will see that I tested a
little trick you will tell me what you in
think
and that's a bonus subscribers so this bonus
subscribers it's going to be a bit peculiar
it's bmx and the person who did it
really very strong in the field
I want to say and ben here if you
do not know her really past yet
see his channel since it really does
great sound and great video so
if you subscribe now, here I am
really advise and otherwise there will be a
clip to guess at the end of the video so that
will be to win a little elite in
the next video you know the
principle
and that's so I hope you go
find I tell you good viewing
continue the laity and to share if my
videos you like of course and at
tomorrow ciao
against
and